Good morning hackers. How we doing? Welcome to the build with Gemini X-P prize hackathon. This is the innovation orientation session. If you are here with us, we welcome you. We're excited. And for those of you that are about to hack, we salute you and we're here today to talk about what to build, how to build it, and why we've gathered here today. So, welcome to the innovation orientation session. take us to the next slide. So before we get into who we are, we want to know who you are. Where are you building from? Throw into the chat where you're from. We want to hear from you. I think we have Q&A perhaps uh versus chat. >> Got it. I'm trying to open up to see if we have a chat feature here. If we do not, let me see real quick. >> It looks like >> Nevertheless, there's some some awesome awesome submissions from all over the place as Q&A regardless. >> Absolutely. Right now, if you are with us, throw into the Discord real quick, where are you from? We got folks monitoring. We'll be reaching out because we want to know how we can help you connect with your teams. If you are looking for a team, you're going to be looking for the hacker cat in Discord, right? You're going to find me and I will help you connect with folks who are looking to build. This is a global hackathon challenge and so we're excited to connect all the different cities together. We'll be having online workshops and meetups where you can connect. So let us know where you're at so that we can make sure that everything is accessible to the time zone that you're in. All right, let's take us to the next slide. So, here's who we are. We're here to help. We're the hackathon team. So, I'm going to introduce the folks that you're going to be hearing from uh who've gathered here today. We have Tyler from from X-P prize. We have prize operations. We have Rupa, prize operations from X-Prise. We have Roi for AI resources from Google. We have me the hacker cat. Bre hacker success from hacker fund. We have Michelle, hacker success from Devpost. And then we have Brandon, who's our hackathon admin from Devpost. >> All right. >> Pleasure. Pleasure to be here. >> Amazing. So now we have Tyler who's going to talk about why we're here. The most important thing is why we are here. There's five categories. One hurdle. a real business operated by AI. Tyler, take it away. >> What's up everybody? Glad we're here. Thanks for the intro. I'll be quick. Basically, while we're here, we So, I spent a lot of time with Peter Diamandis. Uh he's the partner on this project and he is always trying to get people to focus on problems that if solving them will uplift humanity. and he always uses this at a reference like ah we don't need another photo sharing app and what he means by that is sorry this I'm in Los Angeles and there's a siren hopefully you can still hear me um what he means by that is like we there's a lot of mental resources available to identify and solve problems to uplift humanity we should be there there there needs to be some allocation of those mental resources focused on problems to uplift humanity And this hackathon was designed to direct vententral resources towards solving problems that happen to humanity. And as you get into this and you know Justin and the Devpost team will talk about how we've designed this competition to do that and that's why we're here right now. Um but I just wanted to share that at the start because that is why we are here. Um as Endosian says we're here to change the world. But thanks, man. >> Absolutely. Thank you, Tyler. And so now, Rupa, take the floor, please. Let us know what X-P prize is all about and why this is important. >> Sure. Um, thank you. Hi everyone. I'm Rupa Dandmoody with X-Prize Prize Operations. Welcome to the competition. X-Prise, if you aren't familiar, is a global nonprofit. Um, we aim to solve grand challenges in the world. um through incentivized competition. Um we believe solutions can come from anywhere and we set the parameters and you all um come with your great ideas. Uh so what's exciting about this competition is it's short. Um, I've run prizes that are four years long and require, you know, building big pilots and, uh, sending verification teams all over the world. This is exciting to me because it's, uh, proof that, um, big ideas can come uh, in within such a short time when you have tools available to you and um, a challenge to work towards. So, um, I think where we are right now with AI and how fast everything is moving, what once took people years and a lot of money to build, uh, now is accessible to really anyone who's, you know, resourceful and can seek it out. Um, hence all of you. So, I'm excited to have you here and I'm going to pass it on. >> All right. So now you're probably wondering because there's judging criteria that have to do with categories, right? What are the categories? So right here when you see track one, that means category one. So the first category that we have up is education and human potential. What does that mean? That means how do we create something that can transform how we learn, how we grow, how we achieve our best, the capacity of the human potential. That's category number one. Category number two, we have entrepreneurship and job creation. As you can see, this hackathon, the project, right? It's about building an AI native business, right? It's about creating the opportunities with the code that we're writing. So, the entrepreneurship and job creation, what does that mean? That means fueling the tools that help new founders and economies thrive. Today we are creating the fabric of the reality that will be the future and the new founders that are coming from this hackathon. Together we're going to create the economy that we want to see. So this is the category number two, entrepreneurship and job creation. Category number three, small business services. Small businesses are the backbone of the economy. We want to see them thrive. We want to see you build solutions that are powering everyday businesses with the tools to compete and win. So we want to see you build for the generation that is looking to not only become entrepreneurs for themselves but for entrepreneurs for the community so they can offer services through small businesses. We are excited to have you build for this track. This is this is category number three. Category number four, money and financial access. What does this mean? This means we're breaking down the barriers to banking, to capital, to financial freedom. We are excited to see hackers create opportunities for those who are looking to get access to capital to build, to become the entrepreneurs, to contribute to the creative economy. This is what we want to see. Breaking down barriers to banking, capital, and financial freedom. So we want to see products that expand the access compliance reality taken seriously. We want to see you go the distance. How can we create access to money and capital? That is track category number four. And last but not least category number five we have professional services access. This is about connecting everyday people with the expert guidance that they need. We as humans as we are navigating an AI native world, there will never be a time more important for us to get connected to the expert guidance that we need. How can we empower everyday people, expert grade help, legal, tax, health administration at the prices people can pay? How do we democratize this? How can we connect everyday people with the expert guidance that they need? This is category number five. All right. So now you heard about these these these categories. You're wondering how do these categories relate to judging. All right. So we have three criteria. Equal weight. As you can see the categories we just spoke about are in category impact. Number three, equal weight. Three criteria. We just spoke about the categories that you choose that is related to the category impact across all submissions in equal weight. Judges will be assessing three criteria. First criteria, business viability, real users, real revenue. Revenue. real users, real revenue inside the 90-day window, the hackathon period, and a model, a business model that can sustain that revenue. 90-day window. That's what business viability is. Real users, real revenue, real earned revenue inside the 90-day window, and a model that can sustain it. Criteria number two, AI native operations. This is why we're here today. It's a renaissance and we're excited to be stewards of where we're going. AI native operations, how much of your business AI actually runs in production and the key decisions it executes. We are looking to see AI native operations. How much of your business does AI actually run in production? What are the key decisions? How is AI being utilized to create AI native operations? And then criteria number three, does your submission, does your project, what you are submitting to this hackathon, does it move the needle in your category? You are looking to move the needle impactfully based on the five criteria that we have. Sorry, the five judging categories that we have. We have education and human potential. We have entrepreneurship and job creation. We have small business services. We have money and financial access. And we have professional services access. So how does you how does your project move the needle in the category that you have selected? All right. So next slide. So now everything you need to know. I'm gonna kick it to Michelle from DevPost. Take it away. >> Thanks, Justin. Hi, everyone. Michelle from Devpost here. Um, so really quickly, most of you are registered on DevPost, ex-priseze.devpost.com. And from there, you'll find everything you need to know, including recently released FAQ that has a lot of common questions there. So, head on over to that link. It's a tab on the main page. We've also released a template P&L which will help you format your expenses and um revenue structures and really be a backbone for when you submit your project at the end with all your evidence of that business. Um on that page too, definitely check out the rules. There's detailed information about eligibility requirements, what has to be in your project and what you have to submit. um along with some extra fine print. On that site as well, you'll find the forum where you can ask questions and we also have a Discord link which I'm linking to a few of you in the in the Q&A. So definitely check those out and all should be available from xprise.devpost.com. Next up, what will be in your submission at the end? So we'll be asking for a GitHub repo. It can be private um and but just make sure it is shared with testingdevpost.com um to make sure our reviewers can look at it and then also judging at hacker fund. We're also expecting a up to three minute video showing your business which AI is live and how it's executing those key decisions. We also want a written narrative. So 500 to a,000 words about what the AI does, what your business is all about, and also be sure to share what the humans do in the system. Um, we'll also be asking a few questions on revenue evidence and expense evidence. Um, so please check out those questions. There are a lot of questions in the submission form, so check it out early. Um, also along with that, product evidence, logs of you using API usage, any dashboards you can provide that make sure it it shows that it's live and working. Um, and then customer evidence. So, feel free to keep it anonymous if you need to. Um, but there is a submission question asking for any public testimonials. So, any links to things on X or um any social media about customers um sharing a testimonial about your business, that would be great to add. Um and then further on in judging we may request additional information to back up that the business is running. Um next slide. Uh by the numbers this is the prizes. Maybe uh Justin you can highlight these for us. Yes absolutely. So the prizes $2 million one deadline. First place we have $500,000. Second place, $200,000. Third to fifth place each, $100,000. 15 runnerups, $50,000. And then for each of the categories that are selected, $50,000. So a total of $2 million, one deadline, the grand prize, $500,000 first place. All right, now we got some questions. So for the questions, we're going to kick it to the hackathon admin. We have Brandon. >> Hey everybody, I'm Brandon. I'm founder and CEO of Devpost, but yes, I am mostly a daily hackathon admin. It's a pleasure to be here. I just also have to say that um I started the company in part being inspired by uh X-P prize uh including its founder Peter and its CEO Anushia and the incredible competitions that they do that was actually one of the inspirations of this entire company Devpost. So to work with them and also our customer and partner Google is amazing. I will just say um Rodie is on the call. Thank you for joining Roie. Brody um can answer technical questions about Google products. Uh he won't be answering administrative questions like is this product eligible or is that product eligible? We'll be handling that from the dev post and hacker fund side uh in terms of the fairness stuff and making sure that everything's answered uniformly. But if there's any technical questions about how anything works, uh, Rodie is your guy and we'll be monitoring and are monitoring the Q&A channel for that. And I'll just say that if you have technical questions, uh, I think there there are places you can talk uh, you can ask them on the Discord and and you'll be pointed to other places where you can get your questions answered on technical stuff. Great. So for these questions um, I what I want us to do is to uh, open up the FAQ which has just been launched. We looked at the questions that have been coming in both for this webinar and just throughout the competition so far and we built an FAQ and I'm going to take you through it. I'll skip some of them, but the whole idea here is that I think this is one of the key reasons you're here is to get your questions answered. So, let's speak to them. I will just say that there may be times where you're not happy with the answer. They might not be the exact specific answer you want. Well, rules are the rules. They state what they say. As long as you know what the rules are and you fit within them with your case, you should be okay. So what's the minimum age requirement? This is important. So this is that you must be the legal age of majority in your country of residence. That changes based on your country. It's not always 18. Many of much of the time it is. Uh is eligibility based on where I live or my citizenship? This is also important. Eligibility is based on your country of legal residence, which may differ from your current residence and country of citizenship. Um, if you're not sure, you need to look into it, but it's important to look and see which countries are eligible for this competition. We don't want you doing all this work and then not being eligible. Um, can I participate if I'm a We'll skip some of the student stuff, but yes, you can be on multiple teams. You can submit more than one project. Okay. Um, I will say from a minor standpoint, if you're not the age of majority, you will not be eligible. Can you still submit and say, "Hey, I'm a minor." Um, and we might put it up on the gallery so that other people can check out what you did, but it won't be eligible for a prize. Okay, let's get to credits and resources. This is obviously a huge question. We know a lot of people have questions about resources. So, how do I access the Google Cloud and anti-gravity resources? We have they Google has given um there are free products and plans that you can use so that you are not required to pay to enter. Google cloud and anti-gravity uh have getting started resources through their website and then there are also um a Google cloud free trial. So it's a 90-day program and uh for anti-gravity there is a $0 a month plan available. Now what if you absolutely cannot afford this based on the country where you live or there is something else in your uh uh with regard to building that you absolutely cannot afford. We have a new form up here um and you can click on the link and um you can apply for an affordability credit coupon and we do have some credit coupons available which is three months free for the um I mean excuse me well uh uh yeah which is the three months free for the Google Ultra plan coupon. So you can apply for those. We will review them. There's an ID check and we need to see why it is that you absolutely need them. you won't be automatically approved. Uh you need it's a mer it's an affordability based one but it is up there. Okay, moving on to project requirements. Does my business or project need to be newly created? I saw there are already some questions. There was one about a business created three months ago. I am sorry to say that you are not eligible if your business was created three months ago. the projects which is your submission must be newly created during the submission period that is from May 19th to August 17th. We are sorry if your business is before that but it is not eligible. This is meant to be a hard challenge which is start a business get revenue be AI operated and make an impact in a crazy short period of time otherwise it wouldn't be called an X-P prize. Um they they also have building reusable spacecraft that goes into uh uh and and that's really twice which is also really hard. These things are tough and we know it's tough. Um so moving on what does newly created mean? It means that it should be after the the period. Um you can use some pre this was another question. You can use pre-existing generic templates or frameworks, boilerplate code snippet, but you can't just use your existing business's all of your code and say that this is this is new. It's got to be created newly. We all know that in the world of software, there's open source software, there are snippets, there are frameworks, there are templates that are out there. You can use those, but um our job is to protect you. You wouldn't spend all of your time if you didn't trust us to keep this fair. So we have to police the stuff and ensure that the rules is done correctly so that you are protected and this is done fairly. Um is there a specific platform required? So um you must use at least one product from Google cloud and we have confirmation that that does include AI studio and Vertex. Some of these names have changed but that includes at least one product from Google cloud which includes we are told AI studio and vertex. So um that is core and if you are using an LLM you have to use the Gemini API for at least one LLM call. So these are non-exclusive requirements but you have to do that. And yes, Rodie, I see that you're raising your hand. >> Uh, just to clarify in the AI Studio part, it's probably meaning using the Gemini API via AI Studio, not just that you're using AI Studio to build. >> Thank you. So, including using Could you say that one more time? >> Gemini API that you can get the API key from AI Studio, not just that you're building it in AI Studio. >> Understood. Okay. So, thank you for the clarification. And then what about Vertex? I know I think >> Vert.Ex This is just the cloud version of the API, but AI Studio has its own hosted API. So, um, just wanted to clarify that because you can't build something without AI in AI Studio. >> Got it. So, let me just make sure that we have this line correct. You must use at least one product from Google Cloud, including using the Gemini API from AI Studio and Vertex >> or Vertex >> or Vertex. Thank you for the clarification. and we will make sure that that uh exact language gets up on the FAQ and is clarified for everybody. Um let us move on. What does it mean for a business to be operated by AI agents? Right? We've had a lot of questions in this area. Uh we have to come back to the rules. Um and the rules say this means AI is transforming workflows in the business. And this is also on the homepage of the website. For example, an AI agent being used for customer support or an AI tool being used to create marketing assets. Please note that one of the three judging criteria is AI native operations. And Bre took you through this at the beginning. You have to look at that and that's what the judges are going to see. So if your question isn't exactly answered, you have to put yourself in the judge's shoes. You need to read that and say, "Is this reasonably the case?" And you should explain in your submission why it is. if you have questions or uh etc. Okay. Um we're going to skip through some of this around payment infrastructure. Um and you have Gemini via Vertex AI. It says that um does calling Let me Let's make sure that we get Roie on this one too. Question. Does calling Gemini via Vertex AI satisfy the Gemini API requirement? The current answer is requirement is that projects must least use at least one Google crowd product using the Gemini API through AI studio API or AI vertex AI would be appropriate. >> Correct. >> Okay. So we actually already had that answer. Thank you. We'll also clarify the previous one as well to ensure that that is just repeating what is already here. Thanks everybody. Um we already talked Bra already talked through the judging criteria. Um this was a good question around revenue. Will 0 revenue in May disqualify us? There is no specific disqualification outlined. If revenue is zero in a given month, one of the three criteria is business viability, and that's going to assess sustainability. That is going to assess revenue. That doesn't mean that you can't have zero in month one or that somebody else that has a $100 in month one necessarily wins. They're speaking to the viability of the business which goes beyond revenue in any given month. So the monthly breakdown will inform that sustainability half of the business viability criterion. But there is no existing penalty and mechanism saying if you got zero month one I mean look we know this is hard but we we also want to give you opportunity to build the product to build the offering and get it out there and the judges are going to be looking at viability. Uh does higher profit mean a higher score? Again, you come back to the rules. It's not about that. It's about business viability. Yes, revenue matters. Yes, profit may matter at some point, either before or after. It totally depends. There are so many types of business models. There's no way to accurately give you an exact answer for every type. Um, are judges bound by NDA? Um, they uh they adhere to confidentially uh confidentiality. This isn't something that I think is all that important for now, but we assure you that everybody involved in this competition is absolutely bound to um non-disclosure. It is a core thing for X-P prize, dev post, and hacker fund. We understand that we you have to ask for some of this information in order to judge this fairly. That does not mean that we will be sharing that information. Absolutely not. The whole idea is to give you money to succeed. Um okay, cool. Um, I think we can leave some of these here. Let's just see if there's any more on here that are important to cover here. Um, I think that we're good for now. I, um, you know, Bre, I know that there was one question that you wanted to answer about nonprofits and what's earned revenue. Why don't I throw it back to you? Uh, thanks to everybody and then, um, if there are more questions that come in after Bre speaks, um, we'll we'll let you handle all that. Rupa and br. >> Excellent. Uh Michelle, can you take me to slide number 10? Perfect. Okay. So, three criteria equal weight. want to describe this one more time because what Brandon just gave the floor for me to speak about is really important because this is about business viability. If you are a nonprofit organization or you're thinking about creating a nonprofit structure, that's awesome. But you have to understand we are looking for earned revenue. We are not looking for contributed revenue, grants, sponsorships, donors. We are looking for a sustainable business model, business viability, which means customers, users that are paying real revenue inside the 90-day window, earned revenue. So, you have three criteria, equal weight. It's important to understand that you're looking to create business viability. This is equally weighted three categories sorry three criteria business viability and the second one AI native operations the third one category impact this is critical because you're looking at business viability within category impact does this move the needle in your chosen category there are five does it redefine how something works at a fundamental level does this move the needle in your chosen category. Does it redefine how something works at a fundamental level? So you have to think about the actual business viability, the sustainable model. The organization structure that you choose is up to you. The judges will be looking at business viability. So earned revenue within business viability for criteria number one. AI native operations for criteria number two, how much of your business AI actually runs, key decisions it executes. And then category three, sorry, criteria three is category impact. Does this move the needle in your chosen category? To remind you once more, there are five categories. Education and human potential, entrepreneurship and job creation, small business services, money and financial access, professional services access. Those five. So you choose one. Okay. So at this point, let's take us to slide number 15 and see where we're at. It's time for you to go build something the world actually needs. We are stoked to see the projects that you're going to be bringing in. Hit us up on Discord. We are here. You are wondering why I'm in this cat suit. Because disruption takes design. You can design the world around you. We are excited. We have designed a format for you. Come and find me. I'm the hacker cat. I will be in Discord. Any questions you have moving forward about the hackathon. I am here to help. I am Bre from Hacker Fund. We do hackathons around the world and we're excited to be here with you. We're excited for XPRES to provide this opportunity for you to build and we're stoked to see that DevPost, the global leader in hackathons, is here to make sure that we have an awesome contest. Thank you folks. Happy hacking. >> I I actually just want to I I think there's been some comments here. Uh um that has been awesome. Do we think that we can get through a few of these questions that have come in? Does everybody here have time to go through just a few of them? >> There are some extra ones hackathon admin. >> Okay. All right. because um uh I think there's just a few that came in that could be good to just cover as long as we're still here. So, let's do a few of them. And Brad, we're gonna make you do that ending again after that. The exact same one. Um >> live in Los Angeles, we got you. >> Okay. So, let's let's we're going to do a rapid answer here on some of these and some of these we might not know and we'll get back to you. All right. We started the project two to three months ago. Sorry. Um is there a problem? Okay. Let's see. because if you're able to come up a solution. Um there are a few here we go. Um can we get the transcript of the meeting in email or at the end? So the meeting will be is recorded and it will be put up online and and so we should be able to get you that. Yes. Um how many projects can an individual participate in? You can participate in multiple projects, right Michelle? That was on the FAQ. You absolutely can and you also um can be an individual participant both. In which channel in the Discord, this is a question for you, Bre. In which channel in the Discord should we chat because the link that uh is taking me to Devpost server. Oh, that actually might be a Michelle question. Sorry about that. >> Right. There is a checkin for additional channels. Um so yeah, check in the Discord in a bit. There should be an X-P prize check-in. Click that check box and you'll see extra channels just for this hackathon. >> And over the hacker cat, if you're ever wondering, look for the hacker cat. There's a reason this is here. >> We are here. If you have any questions, I will point you in the right direction of where you need to be. >> How open are you to projects that don't provide software that is an AI agent for some X task? I mean, I um this I we come back to the judging criteria, which is that this should be AI operated. I mean there are a lot of businesses that can be AI operated. There could be offline businesses that have some core functionalities that are AI operated. There could be services business. There's categories specifically for that. You show us. We want to see what's awesome, what makes an impact in these areas and the judges. Um is revenue an icebreaker to decide the winner? Are there any chances to stand out with a product that solves the problem? Well, so it's business viability. It's very very hard to imagine how you can show business viability without revenue. As Bre said, like you nonprofits that get donations and grants, that money will not count. If a nonprofit has earned income, meaning that they are a nonprofit, but that actually has products and services, etc. that they earn and sell, that would count. But just getting donations from people won't doesn't mean that those aren't awesome. It's just not going to be eligible for this competition. Um, okay. um when you do something great for humanity, it not always generates revenue. I think every person involved in this would agree with you. Absolutely. That's just not what this competition is is about. This is about um creating a business that is AI powered that makes uh an impact in these areas. Um, do we have to let's see I'm building um we answered that in the FAQ. Um, from where to know what's required for revenue expenses. I think this is a good point. So, in the FAQ actually there is a new P&L, a profit and loss statement that has been um that I believe is on the homepage of the overview and uh Michelle just clicked on it. And this is an example P&L for you to add your financial information to it so that we can then uh make sure that the judges have what they need to evaluate. Um we know not all of you have an MBA. It's okay. You should be able to read this and understand. And look, this is an AI powered competition. I am sure that you will be able to find out what information you need to submit this information. And honestly, to have a sustainable business, you're going to need to know some basics around the P&L stuff. So, I think that this is um a appropriate and fair thing. We're trying to help you as much as possible on this. If you have other questions on ways that are confusing you, you know, let us know. Post in the Discord and and other places. We're going to do our best to help you. Um what type of problem statements do we have to take to participants in this hackathon? Okay. um we don't have specific problem statements as we've said through this um as Bre went over there are these five categories and the requirements are are clear here and so you just need to build and be eligible by answering those rules. Um if anybody else sees a question here on the Q&A that they think is important to answer, please feel free to unmute yourself and mention it and the Q or the A. I'm just scrolling down. There have been a lot of great questions here. I can do almost anything technical, but I never did a sales and go to market. Is there someone who can support? I love this question. We have a person who is looking for a teammate. Um, so how do you form a team? How do you find a teammate? You click on that participants tab, which is the third tab in the open screen that you are looking at right now. And you will see there are over 13,000 people. Once you click on that, you scroll down and you say looking for teammates, which is the third. Yes, you would enter that you are looking for teammates and you would fill out your information. And if you want to see who's looking for teammates, you go below even further under the filter under teams, you click on that third one, and that will show you all the people looking for teammates, including their skills, including links to who they are and more. You can sort that by newest, you can sort sort that by who has the most projects, and you can uh that is a great way to do that. I also believe that there is a uh section on the Discord that allows you to post live as well. So, you got two spots. You got right here and you've got Discord. Uh find a teammate. We love seeing that and that's what we want to happen. >> And number three is you come find me because I will be helping as the hacker cat. I am helping folks find teams. So, if you are looking for a teammate and you post on to Devpost and you want to move fast, come find the cat. I will help as a sorting hat find other folks who are interested in looking for teams. We'll also have team building sessions that will be live. So, if you're looking for a team, stay tuned. A schedule will be published shortly. It'll be sent out to all the folks that are registered for the hackathon. So if you are looking to for a team, there will also be live sessions where you can come through. I will be there to help you find a team. >> Awesome. Uh my project is for schools. So not AI first, but everything is dependent on AI working on the back end. Heck yeah. Are you kidding me, Mon'nique? I hope you enter. We want to see that project. Make sure that the judges see that project. Absolutely. AI powered business um that makes impact. Heck yes. Um, please note I am not a judge. Uh, my comments have nothing to say with who will win or whatever. That is not to send any information to anybody else about you should or shouldn't do this. We are just very uh encouraging here. We want to see all kinds of projects. Uh, we assure you this competition will be fair. Um. Um just looking we have more is the revenue mandatory? What is the minimum for operates with AI? I am sorry but we cannot give you that answer. It is too hard to make specific. Um what you should do is you should go back to the judging criteria and you should go back to what's on the on the site and what Bre said about it being AI powered. Um, my advice for what it's worth is I wouldn't be looking at the minimum for operates with AI. Um, we're looking at the extent to which it operates with AI. Um, here's a good one. Um, is it valid to build something that targets a specific audience in a certain track? For example, in the small business track, can I build something that targets only restaurants instead of all small b businesses? >> Yes. Well, first let me just say that I am not a judge, so I can't say what the judges will be comparing uh a project A versus project B. But heck yes. Um to have a sustainable business, I think there are a lot of people out there that would say, you need to have a focus and you need to have an ideal customer profile just period in terms of having a successful business. If you're all things to all people, you're nothing. Uh you know, you got to stand for something. So that is not saying that you should change everything based on this answer. You should figure this out for yourself, everybody. But um I think that knowing a having a clear understanding of who the market is and whether that market is big enough for there to be a sustainable, viable business that also hits the impact that we're talking about and is powered by AI, I think you're in good shape. We want to see it. And by the way, we don't want to just see the winners. We want to see the other We want everybody to win. That is not a joke. If you're starting a business, we we can't wait to hear about stories of people who didn't win, who created a viable business by this. I mean, trust me, we'll promote the heck out of it. Um, can it be a new product on an existing business? Does this count as newly created? So, the submission itself is the business. it is the business, right? Um and so um it is uh that that is important. Um so if we come back to the rules um we should look at exactly what what that is and this might be one of those where we maybe need to give a little bit more information after the fact. So um because I can go ahead. Oh, >> sorry. Uh, do we have to incorporate a company prior to submitting? >> Um, >> there's no specific requirements. >> Rules. Yeah, I I do know like um if you are uh a team that receives an award, uh, X-Prize does require you to have a legal entity that we pay to. So you would have to um establish that um if you are selective. >> Yeah. And I'm coming I've pulled up the project requirements FAQ here which I can read which I think is really that exact same question before. Does my business project it's the first question on the FAQ under um and and we don't Yeah. Under project requirements. Uh there it is right there. So, does my business/ project need to be newly created for this hackathon or can I submit something I've already worked on? For this hackathon, projects must be newly created during the period. A project that's been created before that date is not eligible regardless of whether it was publicly released or not. You're allowed to reuse just the existing generic templates, frameworks, etc. code snippets that are out there in the wild. Uh, but you must clearly explain how your project utilizes any of that so that it can be judged. Um, and you can see the rules for more details. Um, so your project and business should be um, newly created. I'm just seeing if there's a few more a few minutes left. Can we get more clarity around AI transforming workflows in the business? I I understand the request. Um I think again we got to come back to the language that's already been shared. Um you know we're going to be judging the extent to which it's AI powered or AI operated and you have a chance to explain that. So explain that. Share how it is. Not all of them are going to be powered by AI in the same way. Um, you know, X-P prize is about thinking about the future. It's about bringing a good future. I don't want to speak on their behalf and I don't work for them, but it's about bringing an awesome future here here now. And I think this is I've I've heard enough from X-Prise and Peter and others involved to say that like that this is a this is not about the past. this is about uh an inevitable future where AI is going to be playing an important role and that and and I've heard Peter say that you know AI can bring such opportunity to people um that it can be it can be positive and that's what this is about is to show uh the potential of there being a you know AI powered businesses so that's what this is about in the spirit there maybe one more if anybody sees some one that we haven't covered. >> I have one. >> Great. >> So, there's a question about creating a new business which is incorporation like and and creating a project for the hackathon. You have to understand, look at the rules. The rules say what a project is. The rules do not specifically say whether or not you have to incorporate for the competition. Right? Remember the rules specifically states what a project submission is. It is a business. Okay, business model. Okay, not necessarily the type of incorporation structure. What Ruper from X-P Prize was talking about is the incorporation later that is necessary should you win and be selected for a prize. You will need an entity to receive that. But for the sake of this competition, there is no hard requirement for a type of entity structure that will give you more points or deduct points. That is a choice that you make. And I think that is an awesome thing as well to end on on the Q Q&A which is um because this is a novel competition and so innovative in its ways. We want to make sure that everybody's clear on everything. So make sure that you are registered and that everyone on your team is registered. There is a feature on devost where you updates are sent to your email um with uh information including any clarifications on anything etc. So, um, yes, we're going to be putting up the recording of this, but also if there's any clarifications that come as we're in touch with you, uh, we will ensure that we send updates, um, about that. Um, including any followup from today or any other questions that came in that we think are really important to answer or mention. I think that's that's it for the FAQ session. Um, I'll throw it back to you, Br. >> Let's do it. All righty, hackers. We're stoked. It's time to go build something. If you have any questions that pop up, Discord, find the HackerCat. You have the Devpost forum. Michelle and I will be your resources throughout the hackathon. We are here to support you. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out. There will be info sessions about how to find a teammate that we will host. If you're looking for a team, now is the time. Meow is the time to post into Discord and let us know. We are here to help you. For those of you that are hacking, we salute you. We know this is a tough challenge. This is why we've gathered you today. The world is built by people no smarter than you. They just have more resources and a hackathon is the best resource that we can provide to empower you to save the world. So we are here today. Thank you very much and we hope to see what you build. You still got time. Happy hacking.